Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- The woods have always been
where I felt most comfortable.
Safe.
It's society and people that
terrify me.
We hurt, terrorize, and kill
each other
without a second thought.
For reasons that are
meaningless.
In nature, animals only
kill to survive.
This place was our chance
to leave everything behind.
To start our own path.
Sorry, sorry.
- Fuck, dude.
- Watch where the
fuck you're going.
- My choices create my
destiny, not a deck of cards.
Must be a new fad.
I saw another guy out
here with a deck of those
offering readings for money.
Kinda funny when
you think about it.
- What is?
- People who think their
life is predetermined.
- I say if you're
unhappy with your life,
then take charge and change it.
We only have ourselves
to rely on in this world.
Take what you need to make
yourself happy.
- As long as you're
not hurting anyone.
I'm Noah.
- Like the Bible?
- Something like that.
- I'm Patrick.
- Like the saint?
- I haven't seen
you around here before.
- I don't get out very often.
Everything seems
so peaceful up here.
- Things aren't
always as they seem.
Perspective.
- Take it from personal
experience.
You can get yourself
into some bad situations
by making those kind of
assumptions, especially up here.
What does this mean?
- I didn't bring the book.
But I think it has something
to do with balance.
Fairness.
Doing the right thing.
- Hmm.
I respect that guy.
He knows what he wants and
he's not afraid to go after it.
- Isn't that the guy
that hangs out in front
of the dime store that hands
out balloons with the bad wig?
- Howdy boys.
Name's Stan.
Coming?
- I'm sorry,
that wasn't very nice.
- So which one is it?
- Huh?
- You wanna fuck him or be him?
- Neither.
- Love doesn't exist on
Devil's Path, sunshine.
- You better be careful.
- Huh?
- They look like you.
Trail up ahead is
closed.
- Why?
- A couple people
been attacked recently,
and until we find out
what happened to the guys
who went missing up
there, it'll stay closed.
Oh, nice to see
you on the main trail
instead of the side
trails down below.
I'm Ranger Tom.
- Noah.
- This is--
- Mark.
I'm Mark.
At the visitor's center pronto.
Someone let their
dog off the leash
and it's chasing the damn deer.
People and their refusal
to follow simple rules.
You two stay off
the closed trail.
And make sure and make
it down before dark.
Can't help you after that.
I mean it, it's not safe.
Could be a bear.
- Don't get out much, huh?
- Sometimes I like to watch.
Mark.
- I just prefer people
not knowing my real name.
Especially up here.
- So is it really Patrick?
What are you doing?
- Don't be such a pussy.
Live a little.
You should see your face.
See, isn't this better
than the lower trail?
- I guess that depends on
what you're looking for.
- Look around you.
This is exciting, this is real.
- What, sex in the woods?
- Yes.
It's primal.
Tangible.
Nature at its finest.
- Seems a little bit lonely.
- I think that's pretty
judgmental.
- No, no, no, I didn't
mean it like that.
- How did you mean it?
- I walked by a guy
back there who was just
standing in the woods
waiting to be chosen.
Just seems like
kind of a lonely way
to find love or romance.
- You really don't
get out much, do you?
People don't come here
for love or romance.
They come here to get off.
And besides, love is a
chemical reaction in the brain.
It's not real.
- Isn't that a little
judgmental?
- The truth is never judgmental.
You look as spooked as
that ranger back there.
Guys go missing,
people getting attacked,
it's not a bear.
How do you know?
- There'd be tracks or--
- Or?
Remains?
- Sometimes people just
do fucked up things,
and sometimes people
just go missing.
- What do you mean by that?
- Motives can be overrated.
You're so scared, why did you
come with?
What are these?
Is this some
witchcraft or some shit?
- No, it's not witchcraft.
It's a cairn.
Hikers, they use those
to mark alternate trails.
- You must be an avid hiker,
or a witch.
- No, I'm not a witch.
I spent a lot of time
in the woods growing up,
when I was a kid.
Michigan has a
lot of hiking trails.
- Ah, I knew it.
Midwestern boy.
Small town?
- So small it wasn't
even on a map.
- Midwestern boy from a small
town who believes in love.
- What about you?
- Like what?
- Where you from?
- Not here.
- What do you do for work?
- What am I, a suspect?
No.
No, I'm sorry.
I like to ask a lot of
questions,
it makes me feel
comfortable with a person.
I liken people to
a Seurat painting.
- Is that the dot guy?
- Very good.
Each dot is like a shared
experience.
You have enough shared
experiences with somebody
and eventually they'll
come into focus.
- I prefer to keep people
up here to one dot.
My dot is that I'm
an EMT from all over.
- Have you ever
saved someone's life?
- Yeah.
- Cool.
What was it like?
- It's just part of the job.
- So this stuff
fulfills you then?
- What?
- Sex with strangers.
- No, no no no,
it's not a judgment.
I'm genuinely curious.
- It makes me feel.
- Feel what?
- That's it.
It makes me feel.
- Do you get together with
people more than once?
- I have to be honest, Noah,
you're a good-looking guy
and all, but you and I are
clearly looking
for two different things.
- What do you mean?
- It doesn't feel right if I
know too much about a person.
I think this may be where
you and I part ways.
- Wait, wait, I have
to go to the bathroom,
can you just hang
out for a minute?
I don't wanna be
up here by myself,
and I'll be really quick.
Please.
- Noah?
Noah?
Fucking cock blocker.
Hey.
Noah.
Whoa, you all right?
Oh, my head.
Let me see.
Oh man, your head's
bleeding, what happened?
- A guy attacked me.
Why?
- I don't know,
he didn't tell me.
Can you walk?
- I just need a minute.
- All right, here, let's
get you to your feet.
- I just need to get my balance.
It's a good thing you called
out, you scared him off.
- You're good?
Hey!
- Shit.
We gotta go.
Get 'em!
Hey, over here!
Come back, you fucker.
You won't get away!
You can't hide!
Look, footprints.
Come on, this way.
Probably took off.
We should keep looking.
Let's go.
- Quiet.
They'll find us here eventually,
we gotta get outta here.
Back country trails.
There's back country hiking
trails
that run all the way
down to the parking lot.
I've seen them on the
visitor's center at the maps.
If we just head in, we'll hit
one of those
and we can take that all
the way down the mountain.
- Yeah, what if we get lost?
- There's a compass in a
small pocket in the back.
Take it out quietly.
- You're gonna get us
outta here with this thing?
- I grew up in the woods,
remember?
Now they are gonna
hear us when we run,
so we have to be
faster than they are.
Are you okay to
run with your asthma?
- Don't worry about me.
- Are you sure?
- I said I'm fine.
- One,
two,
three.
We gotta keep going.
- I need to relax.
Do you think we lost 'em?
- We'll see.
- What's wrong?
- Just dizzy.
Easy, easy,
too much at once will--
- Jesus Christ.
This is fucking insane.
What are we gonna do?
Whatever we have to.
- Where are you going?
- I just wanna
get a closer look.
- Not too far.
You hear anything,
take off running,
I'll follow the sound
of your running, okay?
Okay?
Leaving me back there for so
long?
- I told you what to do
if you heard anything.
Are you ready?
- Wait.
Water usually ends up somewhere.
Could this take us out?
This is just runoff from
all the rain this year.
Now what we need to do is we
need to find
that trail to get down.
- What happened to your back?
- Probably only a few more
hours of daylight left.
- That's good.
Darkness should give
us cover until morning.
- We can't be out here at night.
There's bears and mountain
lions, and probably wolves.
I don't know,
I don't like the dark.
Maybe we should just go back.
- It's not the animals we
should be worried about.
- Noah, we've been
out here forever
and we're getting nowhere.
- Patrick.
There are backwoods
hiking trails
that lead all the way
into the mountains.
If we keep going
this way we're gonna
hit one of those trails
and it's gonna take us out.
But if we're gonna get
through this, you and I,
we need to work together.
And it is safer here
than it is back there,
I can promise you that.
- Perspective.
- Hey, what the hell?
- I'm trying to listen
out for whoever the fuck
is following us while
you're sitting on your ass
making noise like
we're playing house.
- You get angry,
I shuffle cards.
We all cope with stress
differently.
- Fuck!
- What?
All I wanted to do today
was get my dick sucked,
and now we're being chased
through wherever the fuck we are
by some psychopaths
that you pissed off!
- Have you ever been
on a road trip?
- What does that
have to do with anything?
- When I was a kid, my
family, we went on a road trip
to Wisconsin Dells.
On the way back
we got a flat tire
and we didn't have a spare,
so somebody had to go back
the couple of miles to the
last town that we went through.
And my dad, he hurt his knee
really bad in the wave pool,
so my brother and I, we
volunteered.
But the only thing that we
had was this old tricycle
in the trunk of our car
that my dad kept forgetting
to donate.
So my big brother and I,
we got on that tricycle
and we rode those five miles
back to town.
It was the happiest
I have ever been.
- Who the fuck cares?
- The point is that whenever
anybody talked about that trip
the only thing that
they talked about
was my big brother and
me contorting ourselves
onto that tricycle and
riding back to town.
Made that trip unforgettable.
Why fight against what could be
a defining moment in your life?
This is my brother, Michael.
He used to come up here a lot.
Ever met him?
- No, I don't know him, and
frankly I don't give a shit
about your family
or your stories.
I just wanna get out of here.
- Okay then.
Did you hear that?
How much longer till we
hit one of those trails?
- I don't know.
Could be 10 minutes, or
it could be two hours.
I mean, we can always stay out
here
and then just go back
when the sun comes up.
When the
sun comes up?
Fuck that, we keep moving.
- Whatever you say.
You really don't
like the dark, do you?
- No, I don't, okay?
Why?
- The faster we go the
quicker we get there.
- Hey, what's that?
Noah, come
on, we gotta keep going.
It's a baby bird,
it's injured, we gotta help it.
Kill it.
- What is wrong with you?
You'd leave
it out here to suffer?
That's fucked up, cruel.
See?
I put it out of its misery.
Now let's go.
Noah, you have to keep quiet.
Calm down or they'll hear you.
Okay Noah, you have to
breathe through this.
Noah, listen to me, listen
to the sound of my voice.
Slow, deep breaths
in through your nose,
hold it, and release
through your mouth,
I know what I'm talking about,
I deal with this all
the time at work.
Put your arms above your head.
This always helps
me with my asthma.
Putting your arms
above your head
allows more air to
get into your lungs.
Slow, deep breaths
in through your nose,
hold it for four,
two, three, four,
and release it on
eight, two, three, four.
Hold it, two, three, four,
release.
Focus on the sound
of your breath.
Hey.
You wanna tell me
what that was all about?
Are you sure we're still
going in the right direction?
How about if I hold onto the
compass for a little while?
Noah.
- Don't touch me.
- Oh, relax.
It was gonna die anyway, I did
it a favor.
- It's not your decision to
make about what lives or dies.
Yeah, it may have been injured,
but it could've been saved.
- I think we're the ones who
needs to be saved right now,
not a fucking bird.
Okay, I've been really
nice about all this,
but I'm gonna
give you five seconds
for you to take
your hands off me
or I'm gonna knock your ass out.
What the fuck?
You swung a knife at my head.
- Brown recluse.
Simple thank you would suffice.
- Where'd you get that knife?
- My brother gave it to me, why?
- Because it's mine.
- No it isn't.
- Yeah, it is, I can prove it,
there's a D on the base of it.
See?
It's mine,
now give it back to me.
- Well if you didn't
know my brother
- It probably fell out of my
bag along the trail somewhere.
- Bullshit.
- No I didn't, you asked
if I knew him, I don't.
- No no no, I asked if
you'd met him,
you said you didn't know him.
- Semantics.
We hooked up once, all right?
And he probably
stole it from me.
Now give it back.
- You're a liar.
Come on, this way.
Anything?
- No.
I heard footsteps,
anything your way?
Not sure.
- All right.
Go.
Fuck.
Fuck!
- Not until they're gone.
I can't believe they're still
following.
I gotta
get outta here.
It's gonna get dark soon.
Good luck with that.
- I say if we
haven't hit a trail
in the next 30
minutes we go back.
- My brother and I used to
play a game to pass the time.
If you were
stranded on a desert island,
what would you bring?
- A boat.
- We never thought of that.
- And you?
- My soulmate.
What do you have against love?
- It isn't real.
Love is a concept, it
doesn't actually exist.
- So you really don't
think that love can exist
between two people?
- Why is it that in nature,
no animals stay together
after they fuck?
- That's because they're programmed that way,
by instinct.
If human beings were, then
they'd do it automatically.
But no, we get divorced, and
cheat, and hurt each other.
We're constantly going
against our own nature.
- Sounds a little cynical.
- And you sound a little naive.
Besides, I'm not
a fucking penguin.
- We also have a much more
complex brain
which allows us to choose.
I mean, you can't really
compare free will to instinct.
- What are you trying to do?
- I'm not following.
- Whatever you're looking
for, I'm not into it.
Let's just get outta here.
- I thought we were just
sharing our opinions.
Because it seems like you're
judging me for my opinion.
You would see it
that way, wouldn't you?
- Oh, fuck off.
- You fuck off.
What?
- Listen.
Water.
That has to lead someplace.
- This isn't a good idea.
- Well you're more than welcome
to follow that shitty compass,
but I'm getting
the fuck outta here.
- The only way that we're gonna
know that they're close by
is if we can hear them coming.
We're never gonna hear 'em
coming if we're by the river.
- Okay.
Then what do you suggest?
- Why don't we just push up
into the woods a little ways,
we'll get up far enough so that
we can still hear the river
but we can also hear 'em coming.
And we'll just follow
the river out from there.
- After you.
Are you an only child?
Why?
Just seems like it.
- Maybe.
What are you implying?
- Can we just focus on
getting out of here?
- Sorry, I just thought, you
know, once we hit the river
you might lighten up,
even be friendly.
- What are you looking for?
- My pills.
I thought I put 'em
in the side pocket.
- What kind of pills?
- Anxiety pills for my--
- Anxiety?
You're not gonna find 'em.
I threw 'em out.
- You what?
- Dude, relax.
Why would you do that?
- Be calm, relax.
- Dude, what the
fuck is wrong with you?
- I'm sorry, all right?
I saw them in your bag
and I threw them out.
- Why would you do that?
- My mom got hooked
on those things, okay?
I was a kid, she took too many,
I came home from school
one day and she was dead.
I'm sorry.
And I didn't think
you needed them.
I mean, you didn't, right?
You got through it, right?
- Touch my stuff again,
and I'll fuckin' kill you.
Hey, over here.
You can't hide from us!
Where are you!
- If they find us
in here we're dead.
- They hear us?
- I don't know.
It's gonna be dark soon.
- Good, then at least
we're safe until morning.
- I'm not staying
here all night.
- Is that really necessary?
- Well they're not
trying to suck our dicks.
So we need to be
ready if they come back.
I say let's give it
some time and then
try to make it
back to the river.
- Patrick, staying in here
is the safest place to be.
Running blindly
out into the night,
that's only gonna get us killed.
- Do you have a flashlight?
- No, I don't.
- What if this is an animal den?
- This isn't an animal den.
If it was, there would be bones.
Better?
Hell of a day, huh?
- I'm sorry I threw out
your pills, that was stupid.
- Forget it.
So much for your one dot limit
out here with people, huh?
- You're really enjoying
yourself, aren't you?
- I'm enjoying being
in here, away from them
out there, yeah.
As much as I can, anyway.
- Well, I mean out
here in the woods.
- I prefer being in the woods
to being around people, yeah.
Why?
- I feel safe in the woods.
I don't feel safe around people.
My experience, people
are the root of all evil.
- Can't argue there.
Tell me something
that no one knows about you.
- Why?
- Pass the time.
- When I was a kid, my mom
used to lock me in the closet
whenever she had
one of her crazy spells.
That's why I'm
afraid of the dark.
How about you?
- I killed someone once.
- Bullshit.
Who?
- My uncle.
- Okay.
I'm listening.
- 'Cause he tried
to kill my brother.
- Did you shoot him or
something?
- I beat him to death.
- What happened after?
- What do you mean?
- I mean, did you go to jail?
- My brother did.
He told the police
that he did it.
- What did your parents say?
- My parents died a couple
years earlier in a car accident.
My uncle was our
only living relative,
so we had to go live with him.
- What happened to you?
- I was 13.
They sent me to a
mental hospital.
- How long were you there for?
- Until this year.
My brother came and got me
out when he got out of prison.
You know, they never told
me that I could leave
when I turned 18.
I gotta pee.
- Right now?
What about them?
- I'll be quiet.
Don't worry.
- It's about time.
- So what were
you looking for now?
- Huh?
- In my bag.
What were you looking for?
- Flashlight.
- I told you I didn't have one.
- Yeah, well you
could've been lying.
- Why would I do that?
- I don't know.
- You're the one
who hasn't been honest.
Go ahead, look in my bag.
- No, I believe you.
- I said look in my bag.
- I think maybe we should
just get out of here.
- I'll make you a deal.
I'll get you out of here
safe and sound tonight
if you do something for me.
- What do you mean?
- I mean I'm willing to
risk my life for yours
if you do something for me.
- Okay.
Deal.
- Tell me where my brother is.
- What are you talking about?
- Stop the bullshit.
He went missing out here.
Tell me where he is.
- I don't know
where your brother is.
I told you, we messed
around, that's it.
- This is what
you want, isn't it?
Stop.
I'll give you
what you want.
- Stop.
- Please.
I'll do anything.
Just tell me where he is.
- I don't know where
your fucking brother is.
- He came back
one night with that knife.
He told me he
found it in the park.
But I knew he was lying.
I thought he was stealing.
I didn't want him
to go back to prison.
So I followed him.
I saw you together.
He left his cards behind.
He'd never do that.
Took them everywhere.
We found those cards
together when we were kids.
He wouldn't leave them behind.
Michael!
And that's when I knew
that something bad happened
on that trail.
And you were the last person
with him before he disappeared.
- Whatever you think
happened to your brother,
I had nothing to do with it!
- Hey, give me that.
- You think this is love, Noah?
This is some fucked up shit.
- You don't get to
decide what love is,
especially when it's something
that you're
not even capable of.
You wanna know
what happened to my back?
My uncle used us as his
own personal whipping bench
and punching bag.
He kept us locked in the
basement in a dog cage
and fed us slop, sometimes
nothing at all.
We had to sleep in our own piss
while he spent every dime
that my parents ever made.
My brother is the only reason
that I didn't give up hope.
When you go through
something like that,
you develop an unbreakable bond.
That is love, Patrick.
A love that crosses all
boundaries.
And it is real,
and pure,
and beautiful.
'Cause I'm not the one
who's out here taking
and taking and taking and
taking and never giving back,
because the only thing that
you care about is yourself.
That's fucked up.
You're just like him.
And I know that my brother
wasn't the only one.
Because I saw you
with that other guy
right before he
went missing too.
Remember, I like to watch.
- That guy was
just another trick!
- Tell me where
my brother's body is
or I swear on his life I will
take yours.
- Okay!
Let's go.
- Hey.
Where the fuck you
think you're going, huh?
- Where's the guy you jumped?
- What?
- That his blood?
We caught you, you fuckin'
homophobic piece of shit!
- Oh my god, you okay?
- You killed them.
- It was them or me.
He said something
that I jumped a guy.
- That would've been me.
- Whoa!
Hey.
Are you all right?
- That guy, that guy that
I was with, he attacked me.
I think he's the one who's
attacking people out here,
please, you gotta get help.
You gotta get help,
I'm gonna hide,
you gotta get help, please.
- You made them
think I attacked you?
- I had to.
You were gonna go
off with that other guy.
I needed more time with you.
- You're crazy.
Seriously fucked up!
- Was it an accident?
Like him?
I will let you walk
outta here right now.
Just tell me what
happened to my brother!
Did you lose something?
I've given you every opportunity
to admit to what you did.
And you just keep lying.
Daryl?
You left your
wallet in your bag.
Someone once told me that
it'd be cruel, or fucked up,
to leave something
out here to suffer.
I'm gonna find him.
Whether it takes days,
weeks, months, even years.
I will never give up.
I got you.
I got you, bro.
Goodbye.
What happened to him?
- He showed up.
Turns out he just ran
off with his boyfriend.
Probably can't say
the same for him.
- I'm sure he'll show up.
- Right.
Trail up ahead's closed.
Noah.
I'm so sorry that it
had to be this way.
I wanted it to
be different, I really did.
You waited all those years
for me only to let you down.
I want you to
know that I don't regret
going to prison for you.
In fact, it was
my proudest moment.
All I ever wanted in this
world was to protect you.
When you saw me with that guy,
yes, I saw you too.
I saw the pain I caused you.
It broke my heart.
That's when I knew
I had to give up my life so
that I wouldn't screw up yours.
That's why I left those cards
for you,
hoping you'd find them to
remember me by.
Those cards were all we
had when we were kids.
They always seemed to help us
when we
couldn't help each other.
I want so many
things for you, Noah.
You can have a beautiful life.
You were so much
stronger than I ever was.
You never lost hope.
Please know that I
wasn't alone in the end,
and I wasn't afraid.
I had you right here with me.
Thinking of you and I riding
that tricycle down that empty,
open road towards that
perfect fire-orange sunset,
wind in our hair,
smiles on our faces,
and love in my heart.
Please forgive me, Noah.
I love you.
My brother.
My soulmate.
- How is it that
a stupid little pebble
can cause so much pain?
- It's 'cause you're putting
all your weight on it
with every step you take.
- That was a rhetorical
question.
Are those tarot cards?
- Yeah.
- What are you, some new
agey weirdo or something?
- No.
Not anymore.
Somebody really special gave
these to me.
- Hmm.
I'm Steve.
- I'm Noah.
It's really nice to meet you,
Steve.
- What am I supposed to do?
- Just pick a card.
Is this good?
- Depends.
Keep it, keep it.
- Just moved here.
Really love the nature.
What about you?
- I used to.
Nature, for me, it used
to be like home, safe.
But now it's just another
reminder.
- Hmm?
Oh yeah, man, me too.
Love it out here.
- That you'll never belong
anywhere.
- Bright day, sunny sky,
beautiful.
- Or with anyone.
- Yeah man, for sure.
- That you'll never
really be able to live.
Just survive.
That you've become so broken
that you've allowed yourself
to become exactly what you hate.
- Yep, gotta love the nature.
Hey, I'm gonna catch a friend.
Nice to meet you, Neil.
- A monster.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org